Come on, get him out of here
Hey, don't you believe it?
You must be in-laws
This is Li Dan of the betrothal gift.
Please enjoy it together.
If it's ok
Just choose a good day to marry
Who are you? I am an important minister under the emperor's emblem, hehehe
Luxury cruise ship with 100 private helicopters
100 large living rooms
100 private estates
50 acres of private resort island with 500 tons of gold 1,000 tons
Hahahaha
Are you taking me for a fool?
Hahaha hum
Where did the strange flower come from acting under my chest
Get out of here, old man
Get lost, don't get me wrong
I'm really here to kiss
Is that enough?
commander
Qingxia doesn't believe me
Why don't I bring the cruise plane over?
Within 5 seconds
Disappear before me
Otherwise, go, go, go
What the hell is going on?
Why is this military heartbreak so hard to step on?